Local deployment experience (#63)
DSD-DBS/capella-collab-manager: doc/getting_started.md

# Getting started

This guide describes the steps to get started with the Capella Collaboration Manager.

Before you start, make sure you have a running environment. For instructions on how to set up such an environment, please refer to the [README](../README.md).

First open a browser and go to http://localhost:8080.

You will be welcomed by a friendly screen and you can log in. The default setup is running an OAuth mock service for authentication.

![Welcome screen](img/collab-step-1.png)

> As username, provide the e-mail address you entered when deploying the cluster. If you forgot to set an e-mail address, use `me@example.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As username, provide the username you entered when deploying the cluster. If you forgot to set an admin username, use `username`.
```
